#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 3cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 3cm
\bottommargin 3cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
Diversity and Inclusivity Statement
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
Ziheng Chen
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
Creating a safe and equal learning atmosphere on campus has always been
 a central question.
 On the way of achieving that, it is crucial to realize that emphasizing
 diversity and inclusivity can encourage students to explore new fields
 while care every one of them at the same time.
\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
Learning is not crossing the footlog and that's why diversity matters.
 The knowledge background and way of thinking differs from student to student,
 thus we must tailor our teaching methods to suit them.
 A starting point is to provide various sources in different environments.
 Beyond the normal lecturing sections, students shall also attend discussion
 sections where they can get in touch with more vivid examples by exchanging
 ideas with their fellow members and teaching assistants.
 They are also welcome to the office hours held by instructors and assistants
 where they can ask questions in-depth and in more detail.
 As an instructor or teaching assistant, we can also provide further reading
 materials and problems that are fun to think about.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
Diversity also means to embrace all different ideas and shining thoughts.
 Trial and error are part of the essences in the learning procedure, thus
 we must encourage students to explore themselves while providing a helping
 hand before they get on the wrong way.
 As a very special branch in natural sciences, there are few open problems
 in undergraduate materials and most questions have a definite answer, but
 that doesn't mean there is only one way of interpreting the answers.
 The perspective of making connections between them is far more precious
 than merely cramming them, so we must value novel ideas proposed by students.
\begin_inset VSpace medskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
Diversity and inclusivity are closely related in their nature since inclusivity
 requires an emphasis on diversity and it is the reason why we make so many
 efforts in these two topics.
 Inclusivity is a much broader topic and here I can only select a few to
 discuss.
 The ultimate goal of achieving that is to ensure all students are engaged
 in class and they are both physically and mentally on the right track.
 There are a few techniques we can make use of in a lecture section.
 Icebreaker is a commonly performed activity that enables members to know
 each other in a short time.
 Also, making rotations on a seating scheme can force students to seat different
ly from time to time and get to know more of their fellow members.
 We can also pick different students to answer questions each time so that
 everyone has a chance to express their ideas.
 Besides, adapting various in-class tasks that rely on the work of the previous
 student can help them work together.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing onehalf
Beyond the lecturing section, it is also crucial to pay attention to their
 status and notice anything abnormal in time.
 Students may get detached from the classroom meeting time and they may
 thus perform poorly on homework and exams.
 The reasons may vary but as a teaching assistant I must report the situations
 to the instructor and after that, we may take further action to help the
 students get on the right track.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
