#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 3cm
\topmargin 3cm
\rightmargin 3cm
\bottommargin 3cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
\paragraph_spacing double
Teaching Philosophy
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
\paragraph_spacing double
Ziheng Chen
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing double

\size large
\begin_inset Note Comment
status collapsed

\begin_layout Enumerate

\size large
Conceptualization of learning
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Ask yourself such questions as “What do we mean by learning?” and “What
 happens in a learning situation?” Think of your answers to these questions
 based on your personal experience.
 Chism points out that some teachers have tried to express and explain their
 understanding of learning through the use of metaphor, because drawing
 comparisons with known entities can stimulate thinking, whether or not
 the metaphor is actually used in the statement.
 On the other hand, most instructors tend to take a more direct approach
 in conceptualizing learning, i.e., to describe what they think occurs during
 a learning episode, based on their observation and experience or based
 on current literature on teaching and learning.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\size large
Conceptualization of teaching
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Ask yourself questions such as “What do we mean by teaching?” and “How do
 I facilitate this process as a teacher?” Chism suggests that personal teaching
 beliefs on how the instructor facilitates the learning process would be
 appropriate for this section.
 Again, the metaphor format can be used, but a common practice is a more
 direct description of the nature of a teacher with respect to motivating
 and facilitating learning.
 Along with the questions above, you may also address such issues as how
 to challenge students intellectually and support them academically and
 how the teacher can respond to different learning styles, help students
 who are frustrated, and accommodate different abilities.
 Furthermore, you may talk about how you as a teacher have come to these
 conclusions (e.g., through past experience as a student or teacher, or as
 a result of literature reading or taking classes).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\size large
Goals for students
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

This section should entail the description of what skills the teacher expects
 her/his students to obtain as the result of learning.
 You may address such issues as what goals you set for your classes, what
 the rationale behind them is, what kind of activities you try to implement
 in class in order to reach these goals, and how the goals have changed
 over time as you learn more about teaching and learning.
 For instance, you can describe how you have expected students to learn
 not only the content, but also skills such as critical thinking, writing,
 and problem solving, followed by elaboration on how you have designed/planned
 individual sessions towards accomplishing the goals.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\size large
Implementation of the philosophy
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

An important component of the statement of a teaching philosophy should
 be the illustration of how one’s concepts about teaching and learning and
 goals for students are transformed into classroom activities.
 Ask yourself, “How do I operationalize my philosophy of teaching in the
 classroom?” and “What personal characteristics in myself or my students
 influence the way in which I approach teaching?” To answer these questions,
 you may reflect on how you present yourself and course materials, what
 activities, assignments, and projects you implement in the teaching-learning
 process, how you interact with students in and outside class, and the consequen
ces.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate

\size large
Professional growth plan
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

It is important for teachers to continue professional growth, and to do
 so, teachers need to set clear goals and means to accomplish these goals.
 Think about questions such as “What goals have I set for myself as a teacher?”
 and “How do I accomplish these goals?” You can elaborate this plan in your
 statement of teaching philosophy.
 For instance, you can illustrate how you have professionally grown over
 the years, what challenges exist at the present, what long-term development
 goals you have projected, and what you will do to reach these goals.
 Chism suggests that writing this section can help you think about how your
 perspectives and actions have changed over time.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\size large
In summary, these are the main questions Chism suggests to answer in a statement
:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\size large
How do people learn?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\size large
How do I facilitate that learning?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\size large
What goals do I have for my students?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\size large
Why do I teach the way that I do?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\size large
What do I do to implement these ideas about teaching and learning in the
 classroom?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\size large
Are these things working?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\size large
Do my student meet the goals?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\size large
How do I know they are working?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\size large
What are my future goals for growth as a teacher?
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing double
(Last revised: Dec 02 2019)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing double
The dual relationship between teachers and students is subtle: by clarifying
 the concept of teaching and learning, we can see that the two parts are
 two sides of the same coin.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing double
\begin_inset VSpace bigskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing double
\begin_inset VSpace bigskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing double
From the students' perspective, learning starts with absorbing knowledge.
 Knowledge can be classified by their types of transformation: one type
 is called the “crystal knowledge” and the other kind is the “fluid knowledge”.
 The former deals with facts or conclusions drawn from facts and practice,
 like the addition and multiplication table: they are stored inside our
 brains and we can check them as references.
 On the counter-part, “fluid knowledge” is more like a procedure to do,
 operate and think, such as the skill to drive a car or cook a meal.
 These two types of knowledge are the foundation of any higher-level abstraction
 (such as schema), so we must ensure students have a good understanding
 of them before we can proceed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing double
I find that students often have a good start but go to the wrong answer
 in the end: this is not due to their wrong understanding, but due to the
 wrong memorization of the formula involved.
 It may be true that they can't remember the formula correctly because they
 don't understand them, but we may think twice before we emphasize on “understan
ding”.
 After all, human brains are not disks that record everything to bits; we
 learn things by getting familiar with them and fit the underlying pattern.
 For example, a random variable is a mapping from the event space to the
 real numbers per se, but students can be at a loss staring at this definition.
 Thus it is crucial to let them construct the mapping from “a pool of randomness
” in substantial examples.
 Another application of this is to use tree structures to represent conditional
 probabilities.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing double
Based on the same reason, the way to ensure students grasp a certain technique
 is to give moderate exercises.
 To avoid boring and mechanical repetition, we can invent some other fun
 ways, such as correct a sample homework with typical errors, have students
 go in front of the blackboard and explain that to the whole class, etc.
 During the process of practice, students will consolidate their understanding
 and improving their skills, providing chances to step further.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing double
\begin_inset VSpace bigskip
\end_inset


\begin_inset VSpace bigskip
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing double
Nevertheless, for the students, learning is not only a process to enlarge
 the existing circle of knowledge but also a way to absorb new schema.
 The relation between knowledge and schema is just like variable and functions:
 knowledge is much more substantial and easier to describe than schema.
 Students can recite every word on the book by spending a little effort,
 but it is far demanding to fully understand the reason and motive throughout
 the whole book.
 It is surely harder as to why the axioms of probability space are built
 in this certain way than to calculate one or two conditional expectations,
 but it is still important for instructors and teaching assistants to try.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing double
Likewise, teaching is a dual process where teachers try to convey the schema
 based on knowledge written in books.
 For example, teachers should use various examples and plots to convince
 students that the multiplication rule for matrix can be viewed as a linear
 transform, rather than forcing them only to memorize the rules of calculation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\paragraph_spacing double
We must get students engaged in class and know what exactly they are learning.
 As mentioned before, many students forget everything after the final exam
 because the terms they have just memorized does not fit into their existing
 framework.
 So, they are expected to actively link the new knowledge to their own “database
” and find out what may be the difference; the teachers can thus help during
 the process.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
